Victorian Housing Register
PO Box 933
Moe VIC 3825
Email:
hcc.vhr@dhhs.vic.gov.au
Telephone: 1800 149 361

MR. HARRY POTTER
U 5 3 MAGIC ST
MELBOURNE VIC 3000

09 August 2017
Ref No. 1923293137

Dear Mr. Harry Potter
Thank you for your application to the Victorian Housing Register.
To allow the Department of Health and Human Services to assess your application for social housing, we
need more information from you or your household members. The documents we need are listed on the
back of this letter.
Please send the documents listed to the Housing Advice and Assistance Team at the Victorian Housing
Register by 06 September 2017.
If you cannot provide all of the documents by 06 September 2017, or need more information please
contact the Housing Advice and Assistance Team at the Victorian Housing Register on 1800 149 361.
If you do not return the documents by the due date the department will assume you no longer want social
housing.
Please quote reference number 1923293137 when making enquiries.
Yours sincerely

Mark
Customer Service Officer
Victorian Housing Register

TMP-CL-02

ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS REQUIRED
Harry Potter – Income and Assets
You may wish to consider signing the Centrelink Confirmation eServices consent form so that your
income details can be checked by the Department on your behalf. You can choose to withdraw this
consent at any time.
Alternatively,
 Please provide an income and asset statement from Centrelink that is less than 2 weeks old.
If you are not receiving Centrelink payments, please provide the following documentation:
 An income and asset statement from Veteran’s Affairs that is less than two weeks old.
 Pay slips or a wage statement signed by your employer, showing your wages before tax for the last
13 weeks (or from the date you started work if less than 13 weeks).
 If you are self-employed a 13 week Profit and Loss statement from your accountant.
 A copy of your most recent bank book or bank statement showing at least 8 weeks worth of
transactions. Please note that ATM balances cannot be used.
 Please be advised documentation can be no more than 28 days old.
Harry Potter – Identification
Proof of identity is required for household member who are over 15 years of age and are in receipt of an
independent income.
 Please provide 100 points of identification as shown in the Proof of Identity factsheet. Please ensure
a copy of both front and back of the identification documents are included.
Harry Potter – Residency Status
Any household members not born in Australia must provide one of the following documents:
 Certificate of Australian Citizenship
 Government ImmiCard
 An email via the Visa Entitlement Verification Online system (VEVO)
Harry Potter – Choose Waiting List Area
 Please complete the Change of Application Details Form and choose up to 5 Preferred Location

Areas where you would like to live.

2

Ginny Weasley – Income and Assets
You may wish to consider signing the Centrelink Confirmation eServices consent form so that your
income details can be checked by the Department on your behalf. You can choose to withdraw this
consent at any time.
Alternatively,
 Please provide an income and asset statement from Centrelink that is less than 2 weeks old.
If you are not receiving Centrelink payments, please provide the following documentation:
 An income and asset statement from Veteran’s Affairs that is less than two weeks old.
 Pay slips or a wage statement signed by your employer, showing your wages before tax for the last
13 weeks (or from the date you started work if less than 13 weeks).
 If you are self-employed a 13 week Profit and Loss statement from your accountant.
 A copy of your most recent bank book or bank statement showing at least 8 weeks worth of
transactions. Please note that ATM balances cannot be used.
 Please be advised documentation can be no more than 28 days old.
Ginny Weasley – Identification
Proof of identity is required for household member who are over 15 years of age and are in receipt of an
independent income.
 Please provide 100 points of identification as shown in the Proof of Identity factsheet. Please ensure
a copy of both front and back of the identification documents are included.
Ginny Weasley – Residency Status
Any household members not born in Australia must provide one of the following documents:
 Certificate of Australian Citizenship
 Government ImmiCard
 An email via the Visa Entitlement Verification Online system (VEVO)

3

LanguageLink
English

Russian

This letter relates to an application for housing on the
Victorian Housing Register, a public housing tenancy or a
bond loan application. If you need help understanding this
letter, contact your local Department of Health and Human
Services office, or call Language Link on (03) 9280 0799 for
an interpreter.

Это письмо связано с заявлением о предоставлении
жилья через Жилищный регистр штата Виктория
(Victorian Housing Register), с арендой государственного
жилья или с заявлением о предоставлении ссуды для
внесения залога. Если вам нужна помощь для того,
чтобы понять содержание этого письма, обратитесь в
местное отделение Департамента здравоохранения и
услуг для населения (Department of Health and Human
Services) или, если вам нужен переводчик, позвоните в
Language Link по номеру (03) 9280 0799.

Arabic
‫ ﺃﻭ ﺍﻳﺠﺎﺭ‬،‫ﺗﺘﻌﻠﻖ ﻫﺬﻩ ﺍﻟﺮﺳﺎﻟﺔ ﺑﻄﻠﺐ ﻟﻠﺴﻜﻦ ﻋﻠﻰ ﺳﺠﻞ ﺍﻹﺳﻜﺎﻥ ﺍﻟﻔﻴﻜﺘﻮﺭﻱ‬
‫ ﺇﺫﺍ ﻛﻨﺘﻢ ﺑﺤﺎﺟﺔ ﺇﻟﻰ‬.‫ﺍﻹﺳﻜﺎﻥ ﺍﻟﻌﺎﻡ ﺃﻭ ﻃﻠﺐ ﺍﻟﺤﺼﻮﻝ ﻋﻠﻰ ﻗﺮﺽ ﻋﺮﺑﻮﻥ ﺍﻟﻀﻤﺎﻥ‬
‫ ﺍﺗﺼﻠﻮﺍ ﺑﻤﻜﺘﺐ ﺩﺍﺋﺮﺓ ﺍﻟﺼﺤﺔ ﻭﺍﻟﺨﺪﻣﺎﺕ ﺍﻟﺒﺸﺮﻳﺔ‬،‫ﻣﺴﺎﻋﺪﺓ ﻓﻲ ﻓﻬﻢ ﻫﺬﻩ ﺍﻟﺮﺳﺎﻟﺔ‬
‫( ﻭﺫﻟﻚ ﻋﻠﻰ ﺍﻟﺮﻗﻢ ﺍﻟﺘﺎﻟﻲ‬Language Link) ‫ ﺃﻭ ﺍﺗﺼﻠﻮﺍ ﺑﺮﺍﺑﻂ ﺍﻟﻠﻐﺔ‬،‫ﺍﻟﻤﺤﻠﻲ‬
.‫( ﻟﻠﺤﺼﻮﻝ ﻋﻠﻰ ﻣﺘﺮﺟﻢ‬03) 9280 0799
Simplified Chinese
本信是有关维多利亚州公房登记处的房屋申请、公房租赁或押
金贷款申请。如果您在理解本信内容方面需要帮助，请联系您
所在地区的民政部（Department of Health and Human
Services）办事处，或拨打(03) 9280 0799 致电 Language
Link，要求口译员协助。

Traditional Chinese

繁體中文

此信關於維州公房申請、公房租賃或押金貸款申請等事項。如
果你需要幫助才能理解此信，請聯絡當地的衛生與人民服務部
(Department of Health and Human Services)辦事處，或撥語
言連接電話號碼 (03) 9280 0799 獲得傳譯員的幫助。

Croatian

Somali

Somali

Warqadaani waxay la xiriirtaa codsashada guri-siinta
khuseysa Diiwaan-hayaha Guri-siintaVictoria, kireysiga
guryaha dadweynaha ama codsiga daynta dhigaalka (bond).
Haddii aad uga baahan tahay caawimaad fahamka
warqaddan, la-xiriir xafiiska Adeegyada ee Wasaaradda
Department of Health and Human Services, ama ka wac
Language Link taleefanka (03) 9280 0799 wixii turjumaan ah.

Spanish
Esta carta se refiere a una solicitud de vivienda en el
Victorian Housing Register, un contrato de arrendamiento
de vivienda pública o una solicitud de préstamo de fianzas.
Si necesita ayuda para entender esta carta, póngase en
contacto con la oficina local del Departamento de Salud y
Servicios Humanos o llame a Language Link al
(03) 9280 0799 para un intérprete.

Hrvatski

Ovo pismo se odnosi na jedno od sljedećeg: na ulaganje
molbe za primanje stambenog smještaja kroz Viktorijski
stambeni registar, na vaš društveni stambeni najam, ili na
molbu za dobivanje kredita za polog. Ako ne razumijete
dobro što u njemu piše, kontaktirajte vaš mjesni ured
Ministarstva za zdravstvo i društvene usluge ili nazovite
Language Link na broj (03) 9280 0799 da biste porazgovarali
uz pomoć tumača.

Turkish
Bu mektup, Victoria Konut Sicili’ndeki bir konut, kamu
konutları kiracılığı veya teminat borcu başvurusu ile ilgilidir.
Bu mektubu anlamak için yardıma ihtiyacınız varsa, yerel
Sağlık ve İnsan Hizmetleri Bakanlığı ofisiniz ile ilişkiye geçin
veya bir tercüman için (03) 9280 0799’dan Dil Bağlantısı’nı
arayın.

Vietnamese
Polish

Polski

Ten list odnosi się do wniosku o mieszkanie znajdujące się w
Wiktoriańskim Rejestrze Mieszkaniowym, wynajem
mieszkania publicznego lub do wniosku o pożyczkę na
kaucję. Jeśli potrzebujesz pomocy w zrozumieniu tego listu,
skontaktuj się ze swoim lokalnym biurem Department of
Health and Human Services lub zadzwoń do Language Link
pod numer (03) 9280 0799 i poproś o tłumacza.

Bức thư này liên quan đến một đơn xin nhà trong Sổ
Đăng bạ Nhà ở Victoria, thuê nhà chính phủ hay đơn
xin mượn tiền thế chân. Nếu quý vị không hiểu bức thư
này và cần được giúp đỡ, xin liên lạc với văn phòng Bộ
Y tế và Dịch vụ Nhân sinh ở địa phương hay gọi cho
Language Link qua số (03) 9280 0799 để xin thông
dịch viên giúp đỡ

For other languages, an interpreter is available through your local office.
If you would like to receive this publication in an accessible format, contact your local office, using the National
Relay Service 13 36 77 if required

